Validation: Added Missing Descriptions (#243)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/spatial-data-services/query-api/index.md

---
title: "Query API | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "Describes the Query API and provides a table that outlines a description for various resources related to the Query API."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "The overview page for the Query API section, with links to each of the articles in this section and a description for each."
```
